[Music]
you
hello good morning and I have decided to
vlog once again it is still the February
half time holidays so it's currently
10:00 to 9:00 and I have just been
working since about 7:30
Oh it's Valentine's Day today I kind of
broke up so it wasn't new tea to try
today which was sent to me by the much
reserved you've probably heard me talk
about them in so many videos because
they're vanilla matcha tea is my
favorite tea ever and I've also got this
one which is peach matcha and I'm gonna
be having that with my breakfast say
offered to send me one of the new teas
that they've got an ounce
it is super food detox tea and its
energy tea so you have it in the morning
or fourteen to be bags in here so it's
formulated to help sustain energy levels
and focus throughout your day for I'm so
excited superfood tea allows your body
to rebook allows for your body to be
revitalized and stimulated by blending
the following ingredients
[Music]
look how lovely this looks I set it up
so be nice and they static when I was
filming and study with me and I've got
my Hawaiian ease and what Henchy a
candle and these are so good as a result
so I started off by doing a timed
theology essay without notes
[Music]
next I did small organic chemistry
questions
[Music]
so then I read through this document
which was actually referenced by Richard
Dawkins in his god delusion and I
thought that it'd be quite interesting
to read for myself so I read through
that and then I found this essay on
euthanasia as well to read through and
then I read another essay and this one
was about how geology could potentially
be used to prove the existence of Noah's
Flood in Genesis 9 and I found it really
interesting I always think it's really
important to consider the beliefs that
other people hold so then I went through
and made some notes from this book which
I recently read which is called is God
anti-gay and I read it for religious
studies to gain an alternate perspective
on homosexuality so I was just writing
up the notes that I made and the
comments that I made in my copy
[Music]
you
then I went through and locked the
questions that I done about in chemistry
[Music]
and then I wrote up the questions which
I got Brahms so that I could go back and
redo them for a vision
so next I did another timed english
paragraph like I done in the morning
[Music]
so then the last thing that I did today
was I added to my liberation theology
and Marxism notes for religious studies
so I just did some extra research into
context in Latin America so that I could
enrich my answers and my notes so thank
you so much for watching this video
I hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week